Release 1.0.2 (#116)
audeering/audinterface: CHANGELOG.rst

and this project adheres to `Semantic Versioning`_.

Version 1.0.2 (2023/05/08)
--------------------------

* Added: support for Python 3.11
* Changed: require ``audformat>=1.0.1``

> * Fixed: ensure that the index
>   returned by
>   ``audformat.Table.get(as_segmented=True, allow_nan=False)``
>   and by all occurrences of ``process_index()``
>   in ``audinterface``
>   are identical
>   when the underlying table has a filewise index

Reviewer: Maybe we can simplify to:

```suggestion
* Fixed: ``*.process_index()``
   keeps precision of ``end`` values
   when a segmented index
   is returned 
```

?
